Already.
So in this section we're going to focus on the basics of something called crud.
So it's an acronym.
C R U D and it stands for create read update and delete or destroy some variation of that.
The idea is that these are the four main operations that we perform on our data we've already seen how
to create data when we have a database we want to be able to add data in.
We want to be able to search back or read it back out.
We want to be able to update it.
And then also to delete it.
Those are the four most important and most common operations that will do in credit self.
The acronym is not particular to databases.
It's common in other facets of programming and web development but it's a nice acronym that fits what
we are trying to do here.
So what we're going to do is step through all four different operations and we've already seen create
it should be review.
Hopefully we'll do it using Insert into.
So going back to our cats we have things like insert into cats name and age and then the values Tocco
and 14 so we won't spend any more time talking about create in this section but we'll be using Insert
into throughout the rest of the course.
But really what we're going to focus on here are the other three operations.
So how do we read data out.
How do we search how do we find things.
How do we update data.
If we made a mistake or something changes and then how do we delete data.
How do we do it.
Everything from a table and how do we do the one or two things at a time.
So that's really what this section will focus on.
And we'll kick it off by talking about reading data out.